Update README.md (#801)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: README.md

# Mattermost Handbook

> The Mattermost Handbook is a continual work-in-progress for _Mattermost staff_--people who are paid to work on our open source software and to help run the company behind our software. The purpose of this handbook is to _**iteratively increase clarity**_ for Mattermost staff and community co-building the future of our company and our offerings.

Reviewer: It's not just for paid staff. There are handbook entries for the contributor community as well, for instance: https://handbook.mattermost.com/contributors/contributors/ways-to-contribute

> The Mattermost Handbook is a continual work-in-progress for _Mattermost staff_--people who are paid to work on our open source software and to help run the company behind our software. The purpose of this handbook is to _**iteratively increase clarity**_ for Mattermost staff and community co-building the future of our company and our offerings.

Author: ```suggestion
The Mattermost Handbook is a continual work-in-progress or Mattermost staff (people who are paid to work on our open source software), contributor community, and end user community. We use it to document the processes that underpin our company behind our software. Its purpose is to **iteratively increase clarity** for Mattermost staff and community co-building the future of our company and our offerings, and provide a single-source of truth.
```

Reviewer: I would adjust the sentence to read `... for Mattermost staff (people who are paid to work on our open source software), contributor community and end user community.

(since not everyone in our community are contributors, but pretty much everyone are 'users' - whether users of our product, our APIs, or perhaps our handbook :) )

Early in our history, when we were a much smaller company, our staff handbook was included in our product documentation. Now the Handbook lives in the the dedicated repository at [https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-handbook](https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-handbook) which is edited using GitBook as a frontend. 

> Want to contribute to the Handbook? Start here: [How to update the Handbook](company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-update-handbook.md).

Reviewer: Propose having this line on its own paragraph, so it stands out more easily.

> Want to contribute to the Handbook? Start here: [How to update the Handbook](company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-update-handbook.md).

Author: ```suggestion

Want to contribute to the Handbook? Start here: [How to update the Handbook](company/how-to-guides-for-staff/how-to-update-handbook.md).
```

All documentation is available under the terms of a [Creative Commons License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/).

Some norms you'll see here in the Handbook:

## Growing companies are a work-in-progress

It's Day 1 at Mattermost. We're a growing company and growing open source project out to support the massive transformation underway as open source software unlocks the massive potential of people and teams around the world. As an open source company we like to share early. Sharing ideas early gets us feedback sooner, so we can iterate faster, so we can better results.

> We have a mindset of [1% and 50% drafts](company/about-mattermost/mindsets.md#drafts-at-1-50-99) that express how complete our thinking is around proposal we're reviewing.

Reviewer: For a future iteration, it looks like we don't really use this mindset as much, and it may not be needed if every page is considered an evolving, work-in-progress document as mentioned in the introduction.

> We have a mindset of [1% and 50% drafts](company/about-mattermost/mindsets.md#drafts-at-1-50-99) that express how complete our thinking is around proposal we're reviewing.

Author: ```suggestion
On some pages, you'll see reference to [1% and 50% drafts](company/about-mattermost/mindsets.md#drafts-at-1-50-99). This is used to express how complete our thinking is around the published content, and indicate whether fundamental changes may be made. 
```
